With all these directives learned let's now have a look at the last bold and directive for now.
Important one though.
It's sad that we can click the ad server button but we don't actually add service to our list here right.
This list doesn't grow this list is totally static.
We can change this with the energy for directive.
So let's have a look at how it works in our service component here.
We right now manually add our apps server component twice.
It would be nicer to have an array of service which adds a dynamically.
So the service component here I'll add a new propertied servers.
And this is an array.
And here I could have my test server and my test server to maybe create a news server here.
I actually want to access this array of servers and push a news server on it.
And this should of course use the server name.
I set up now with this I have an array of service.
It would now be great if we could replicate the app server component as often as needed to have a server
for each element in the array.
So two initially and then a new one for each server we add.
We can't do this.
I'll get rid of the second app server here and on the first one I will place a number directive with
a star because this is now also a structural directive.
Changing the bomb itself.
It's the energy for directive the energy for base syntax looks like this.
We define a temporary variable for inside a loop with LET give it any name you like like server for
example and then all of servers service is the property we defined in the typescript file and this will
now loop through all elements in this array and assigned the individual element to the dynamic server
variable.
So that's just like you might notice loob from a normal wall javascript code the for loop does server
variable can now be used in the template.
But here we don't really need it to be honest.
We will soon learn in the next course section how we can pass data to our own Copelands output there.
So for now we won't need dead.
But one thing we should see is that if I save this and we go back to our application we still see to
it because we start to.
But if I add more service you see our list grows and we can click this as often as we want.
Of course the content of the individual server is still static because we can pass the data like the
server name to that component but that is something we will learn in the next course section when we
dive deeper into components and we will learn how we can create our own properties on components.
We can then set from outside a feature which would be great to have here.
So let's dive into this and the next core section before doing so though.
Well let's practice the things we learned in the last lectures and then let's also set up our course
project before we then dive deeper into components and data binding again.
So see you there.